Li Xiao, let’s go.
Go to the interrogation meeting, even if you don’t participate. two.
Xiaoyun, don't go. Just kidding,
Don't be angry. We are not allowed to mention this matter in the future.
Now that we are all here,
Just serve. Everyone,
Our boss challenged. When you proceed,
Today, all the small accessories are free of charge.
This restaurant belongs to Zhang Zai's family.
It must be for the sake of our ingredients,
Please adapt to the squad leader's face
Say hello to your old classmate for me
The old squad leader is such a good man
How come you got it?
How about you give it to me?
You are too generous
But I suggest you
Still not close to the third young master
But they are of the same product
Young Master, you are too awesome, right?
It’s just a pity that Su Danan’s eyesight is not very good.
It’s the treasure of such a good country girl
The best choice is the official Sister-in-law Li
So this person still has to rely on you.
This eye is good for a long time
I have to give you a taste today